Title: Links We Love (and Other LORI Learnings)
File: linkswelove2
Image: images/longweekend.jpg
Excerpt: Heading into the Victoria Day long weekend we’ve gathered some links we love and other tidbits of news from the past few weeks for some light lounge chair reading. Since the weekend is extra long we've added some extra love (& learnings) for you to peruse. Have a great long weekend!...
Date: May 20, 2017
-
Title: Commercial Overview - April
File: Apr_TREB_report
Image: images/apriltrebreport.jpeg
Excerpt:
Date: May 5, 2017
-
Title: Top 7 Real Estate Investments in the Star Wars Galaxy
File: maythefourthbewithyou
Image: images/star-wars.png
Excerpt: If you’re like us, the resurgence of the Star Wars series over the last few years had our inner child jumping for joy. In honour of May the 4th, we’ve put together a list of the top real estate investments in the Star Wars Galaxy. Pre-2015 and...
Date: May 4, 2017
-
Title: Links We Love (and Other LORI Learnings)
File: linkswelove1
Image: images/linkswelove.jpeg
Excerpt: Too busy to keep up with everything new that’s happening? We feel you, so we’ve decided to compile a list of interesting tidbits we’ve come across on the infinite World Wide Web as well other happenings in the commercial real estate industry (LORI Learnings being news)...
Date: April 29, 2017
-
Title: Top 4 Workplace Wellness Trends
File: top4emergingworkplacetrends
Image: images/intuitiveworkplace.jpg
Excerpt: There has been an evident movement towards well being in the workplace; the idea of creating better working environments that are more productive and meaningful. The human relations movement, started in the 1930’s, initiated the study of human behaviour in workplace groups. This encouraged the understanding of how stimuli and working ...
Date: April 26, 2017
-
Title: Commercial Overview - February
File: Feb_TREB_report
Image: images/FebTREB2017.png
Excerpt:
Date: March 17, 2017
-
Title: Current Promotions
File: currentpromotions
Image: images/toronto-1298016_1280.jpg
Excerpt: Since the 1400s when the likes of European explorers like Samuel de Champlain and Christopher Columbus were settling in the Americas, land and property have been bought, sold, sought, and disputed over.  To mark the celebration of...
Date: March 3, 2017
-
Title: Connect With Us!
File: connect_with_us
Image: images/picnic-1208229_1920.jpg
Excerpt: Connect with us on Instagram and Facebook! Stay up-to-date with the latest news in the commercial real estate market when you "Like" our Facebook page where we keep a finger on the pulse of the market. Follow us on Instagram or...
Date: February 17, 2017
-